agonize sad angry
agonizing sad angry
angriness angry sad
annoyances angry sad
anxieties scared angry
appalled disgusting angry
appalling disgusting angry
apprehensions scared angry
betrayals angry sad
blasphemy angry sad
blockage angry sad
bribery angry sad
burns sad angry
chastisement angry sad
collusion angry sad
complaints angry sad
concerns scared sad
concessions angry sad
cronyism angry sad
damper angry sad
debauchery angry sad
dehumanization angry sad
delinquency angry sad
denunciation angry sad
denunciations angry sad
derision angry sad
desertion angry sad
destabilisation angry sad
diatribe angry sad
diatribes angry sad
died sad angry
dies sad angry
disavowal angry sad
dislikes disgusting sad
disservice angry sad
dissidence angry sad
downturn angry sad
downturns angry sad
dying sad angry
entrapment angry sad
escapade angry sad
evils angry sad
exploitation angry sad
expropriation angry sad
extravagance angry sad
fabrication angry sad
failures angry sad
fears scared angry
flimflam angry sad
fret disgusting scared
frets disgusting scared
frustrations angry scared
fumes sad angry
furor sad angry
gaffe angry sad
galls angry scared
haggle scared sad
harboring sad angry
harbors sad angry
harms angry sad
havoc angry sad
hells angry sad
hubris angry sad 
hurts angry sad
ill-treatment angry sad
ill-usage angry sad
illusions angry sad
incompatibility angry sad
indecorum angry sad
indiscretion angry sad
indoctrination angry sad
infections angry sad
infraction angry sad
infringement angry sad
infringements angry sad
injustices angry sad
insinuation angry sad
insurrection angry sad
irritations angry scared
layoff angry sad
maladjustment angry sad
manipulation angry sad
misgivings scared angry
mockeries angry sad
mockery angry sad
molestation angry sad
negatives angry sad
nepotism angry sad
objection angry sad
objections angry sad
offence angry scared
offenses angry scared
onslaught angry sad
outrages angry disgusting
oversight angry sad
oversights angry sad
persecution angry sad
pleas angry sad
pratfall angry sad
provocation angry sad
qualms scared angry
recourses angry sad
redundancy angry sad
refutation sad angry
regreted scared sad
regrets sad scared
regretted scared sad
repudiation angry sad
rip-off angry sad 
rivalry angry sad
shortsightedness angry sad
showdown angry sad
smokescreen angry sad
smolder sad angry
smoldering sad angry
smoulder sad angry
smouldering sad angry
spoilages angry sad
stutters scared angry
sty angry sad
subversion angry sad
suffered sad angry
suffers sad angry
suppression angry sad
tortures angry sad
transgression angry sad
treason angry sad
troubles scared angry
villains angry sad
wastefulness angry sad
wiles angry sad
worries sad angry
wounds angry sad
